manifest: WPA supplicant advanced features disabled in Matter (#13239)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Fixed an issue that prevented nRF Toolbox for iOS in version 5.0.9 from controlling the sample using :ref:`nus_service_readme`.
  * Changed the design of the :ref:`matter_lock_sample_wifi_thread_switching` feature so that support for both Matter over Thread and Matter over Wi-Fi is included in a single firmware image.

> * Disabled :kconfig:option:`WPA_SUPP_ADVANCED_FEATURES` (WPA Supplicant advanced features) in all Matter samples to save ~25kB of FLASH memory for firmware images with Wi-Fi support.

Reviewer: This should be joined with Line 374 so that they are:
```suggestion
* Disabled:

  * :ref:`ug_matter_configuring_read_client` in most Matter samples using the new :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ENABLE_READ_CLIENT` Kconfig option.
   * WPA Supplicant advanced features in all Matter samples using the :kconfig:option:`WPA_SUPP_ADVANCED_FEATURES` Kconfig option.
     This saves roughly 25 KB of FLASH memory for firmware images with Wi-Fi support.
```
